All right so by this point we already know our validation system is working.
We are checking to see if the cookies expire or not.
We know that is value the code is working its function out in the code that BHB page.
All right.
So now we can go ahead and set that cookie to maybe 15 minutes right now.
I think I had it for 15 minutes before and I changed it to 60 because I wanted to have it expires soon.
But anyway if you don't have it in 60 seconds in this recovered password make sure that you have it
for 900 seconds.
That's going to give us some time some years some more time to do our thing right now.
Let's go here.
And I think we have to do it again because
it's going to say cookies expire.
So we're going to have to guess.
Meanwhile they should call you a real quick.
All right that's fine.
All right.
Please check your email response for the for we said.
That's fine.
Anyway.
All right.
So now that we are able to validate all this data right.
We can send a user to the that we can redirect the user
to our Reset page right here we need to also verify that these user came from they really are wrecked
from the cold APHC page in their reset page right.
So we need to set some parameters.
So we're going to keep sending some parameters we're going to send the e-mail.
All right.
And we can concatenate that if we wanted to.
All we can do is the easy way.
We already have this e-mail here.
Clean up.
We might need to scape if we want to put it here but we can skip it in the other side.
We're going to use it right.
So we're going to send the e-mail here like this and we can send the validation code as well.
So validation code.
All right.
There is another thing that we can do here to make this a little bit more secure.
And because this is going to be the reset page where we are going to reset the password.
Let me show you.
And we were they are ready but we said Page we need to make sure that whoever comes in and tries to
reset a password.
Not only are we going to catch the parameters here but we want to make sure that this form is being
that this data has been submitted from this page alone.
All right and for that we have a talking generator right.
We have this functionality that we can hide in the input.
So let's go to that reset up HP and do that
remembering all your pages even if you're not needing it.
Make sure that you put your display message right where you think you're going to display some sessions.
Make sure that you always have this function there if not you won't see messages.
All right.
So I'm always going to put in there even if I don't have it because in the future I might decide to
put something there to see something right.
So anyway.
Reset this is going to be this.
And we have we don't have no hidden input here.
All right.
So I believe we have a hearing input on recover right here and we're just going to copy this here.
So he's hitting.
And let's go to reset and it's Heidi there as well.
Let me just take this off.
So right below here before they and tag of the form I'm going to paste that in there.
I am going to name it talking as well something I am going to have this token generator there.
So now if I go to reset and I refresh and I look at the page source which you have this here there's
value when we can refresh have a different value.
All right.
Beautiful beautiful beautiful red herring.
All right so we sent in the e-mail.
All right we sent in the cold validation code and then we have that token generator that we can that
cookie.
All right.
So let's actually
let's go and let's go to a function real quick here.
And I think we have that cookie right here.
Ray and we can also set some inspiration there on that page or expiration date.
All right.
So I'm just thinking to see where we can put this.
Let's actually do it right here before we redirect.
Right.
And we're going to set a time as it's called.
Again we're going to set it to 50 minutes for the Reset page.
I know that you have last time there.
All right.
And they should have at least five minutes.
So there will be 300 seconds.
All right.
Probably less than that but I will leave for five minutes because we need some time right.
So the validation code.
All right.
So now all we got to do is create a new function to reset the password and catch that data there and
see if it works OK.
So
it's going to be called Password preset
function.
Right.
That's what we said
and we're going to say if he said
email
right.
And and if he said code and we're missing this guy right here
then we can say words something like that.
We're going to put it so we're going to set it up.
Are we're going to test it on the next lecture OK right here.
All right.
So if we have any errors make sure that you watch every lecture until to the end.
Don't skip anything because you never know when you're going to miss something.
Right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching.
On the next lecture we're meant marry make sure that this works and gets through so that where we can
process all that information.
All right.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture.